README: update information about available tags. (#235)
aiidalab/aiidalab-docker-stack: README.md

This repo contains the Docker file used in the [AiiDAlab](https://www.materialscloud.org/aiidalab).

Docker images are available from Dockerhub via `docker pull aiidalab/aiidalab-docker-stack:latest`.

> The available tags and their meaning:

Reviewer: I suggest to replace line 3 with:
```markdown
This repository contains the Dockerfile for the official AiiDAlab docker images.
```

I suggest to replace lines 5-7 with:
```markdown
Docker images are built and pushed to Docker Hub at https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/aiidalab/aiidalab-docker-stack with the following tags:
```

Author: Just did that. I added the word "automatically" and changed the link. The one you provide requires authentication.

> - `master` tag corresponds to the image build on top of the `master` branch.
> - `develop` tag  corresponds to the image build on top of the `develop` branch.
> - Version number (e.g. `21.12.0`) corresponds to the tagged commit on GitHub.
> - `latest` tag corresponds to the latest released tag.

Reviewer: I suggest to:
1. Reorder this by order of "importance". I would say that the `latest` tag is probably most relevant to the majority of users.
2. Combing the branch tags, since they have the same meaning.

I have also simplified and streamlined the description language a little bit.

```suggestion
- `latest` –  the latest tagged release
- `<version>` – a specific tagged release, example: `21.12.0`
- `master`/`develop` – the latest commit on the corresponding branches with the same name
```
